Before going deep into Junit Test to Hibernate, you should start with the basic usage of Junit Test in Java.
In real life, many methods will be created weekly or monthly in enterprises, but before the methods implemented, many tests should be done in advance.
Junit provides such functions to test the methods we write without putting them into the producing environment.
In the case below, the basic usage of Junit test is shown.
First, create a new Java project in your Eclipse, you can name it "JunitTest" or something similar.
Then create a new class with the same name, you will create two methods in this class.
The first class you are going to create is cube() methods. It is to calculate the cube of a given number.
The second class you are going to create is countX() methods. It is to calculate the number of X in a given String.

After creating the methods, you will need to create Junit Test Case for each of them instead of creating main class/method.
To do this, you can right click on the default package or the package you named. choose new Junit Test Case and a window will pop up.
You can name the Junit case  "cubeTesting" or anything you like. Then a default test class is created.
You can see a default test method with fail("Not yet implemented");
You will need to delete this content and rewrite the test method.
Below is the cube test Method.

public void test() {
		JunitTesting test = new JunitTesting();  // this is the class contains your methods, to call the methods you need to create this class object.
		int output = test.cube(3);  // the output will be the cube of integer 3.
		assertEquals(27, output);  // assert method is the method to check if the result is what we predict. In this case, we know the cube of 3 is 27.
	}

Now you can run the Junit Test, and the details about how many test run, any error or failure will shows up.
Please finish the countXTest by yourself.

You now have successfully created two Test cases. but it is inconvenient to test them one by one, especially when you have a lot of tests.
Actually, you can put all the test in one test case.
To do this, you can right click on the project and in the 'new' list choose others.
In the list, click Java folder, then click Junit folder, then choose JunitTestSuite. And a window would pop up.
Find all the test cases you want to combine in the default package or the certain name you just given. Click Finish and you are all set.
now try to run this test suite case, you will find that all the test cases you selected run together. 
